Move build instructions from wiki to repository (#193)
aibasel/downward: README.md

- Fast Downward mailing list: <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/fast-downward>
- Fast Downward main repository: <https://github.com/aibasel/downward>

## Scientific experiments

We recommend to use the [latest release](https://github.com/aibasel/downward/releases/latest) instead of the tip of the main branch.
The [Downward Lab](https://lab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) Python package helps running Fast Downward experiments.
Our separate [benchmark repository](https://github.com/aibasel/downward-benchmarks) contains a collection of planning tasks.

## Supported software versions

The planner is mainly developed under Linux; and all of its features should work with no restrictions under this platform.
The planner should compile and run correctly on macOS, but we cannot guarantee that it works as well as under Linux.

> The same comment applies for Windows, where additionally some diagnostic features (e.g. reporting memory used when the planner is terminated by a signal) are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same comment applies for Windows, where additionally some diagnostic features (e.g., reporting peak memory usage when the planner is terminated by a signal) are not supported.
```
